Name: Anana Kalvak
Nickname: Anna
Age:22
Birthday:19/01/96 (January 19)
Ethnicity: Inuit
Trope: Boke and Tsukkomi routine [Especially when interracting with Sunny]
Height:1m52 / 
Weight: 62.7kg
Breast size: C 
Shoulder size:Normal
Hip size: Thin
Waist size: Some thermal armor with neat curves
Thicc?:not that much
%%%CF HDN Blanc's character mesurements
Hair color:Brown
Hair length:Shoulder length/Short-ish
Eye color: Brown
Skin color: Light-brown
Piercings:Not unless earrings count
Likes: Outdoors, headpats, Riding bikes, Alcohol(not to the point of dependence)
Dislikes:Crowded cities, Skinwalkers, Politics
Phobias: Agoraphobia
Fetishes: Size play. Could also use a full auto machinegun as a rideable vibrator /Hoplophilia
Position: Cowgirl, sack, intercural
Personality: 
Hobbies: Firearms, Operating, Hunting,  War movies, some obscure /k/ anime/manga such as GuP, but without being autistic about it
Degree: Veterinarian studies
Hometown: Anchorage, AK
Backstory: Daughter of an USAF based in Anchorage, AK, Anana was grown surrounded by nature, firearms and books about both, which she ended up growing fond of, and listening to his father's army stories only made things go evne further. 

While she long has been quite lonely due to her unusual hobbies for her age, and the fact that her father has been re-deployed for a couple of years recently, finding some anime site specimalised in guns broke that loneliness, for the better or the worse. 

Her love for the outdoors had her and her father travel, bike and hike in various spots in the country. It was during one such hike that she met Sunny, and have knocked it off after a barbecue. They still manage to meet up and camp in some places on a regular basis  to this day, but Sunny's aversion to guns and Anna's hoplophiliac nature do make it clash from time to time.

It was while spending some time in the outdoors that she found herself a "marketable" skill, taking care of animals after an encounter with a wounded stray dog that she became fond of after healing his broken bones, which she krystened "Simo" after he finished his recovery. This is why she then enrolled in Santa Maria college, alongside the presence of a sculpture she calls the kube, to which she seems to pray semi-ironically

Trivia: Friends with Sunny since both like outdoors, but not for the same reasons. Often goes spending some times with [Placeholder for Navajo Girl], or as she cals it, "going Innawoods". Has a collection of patches she woudln't put on her bag/clothes but enjoys that kind of "autism", so to speak.
Often takes a .22lr handgun/SBR when she goes innawoods with Sunny for some target practice/"plinking", which her friend enjoys, but not as much as her.

Can get along ok with Nia on ground of both being weebs who do their bests to hide their "power levels", and often do some banter on that (Fucking weebs...). However, if the player doesn't use the dog wistle, nothing will happen
